totally oh I'm picking up words but now
aren't you no stock well it's good they
have a good supply of bullets that
mantle my revolver rainbow dispersed
around the manner of health packs it's a
good deal good deal more bullets yeah I
again he's like our buddy like our
companion I'm sure yeah there's nothing
but helpful later on anyway this game is
great about a making sure we have enough
ammo safe to run to the game's first
proper hey stop hi there the how really
good basic enemy anybody else anybody
else
all poor late again
nothing area damage does actually matter
in this game headshots are critical Mia
the words of Barney from half-life aim
for the head if you can find it and now
he's on the roof there I think they
pulled that tactic out till later let's
get to you clever go away I like that
one good of a job they they get me to
miss job maybe cuz i'm just a really bad
shop there so linking poppytalk yeah i
miss him a lot anyway
this is continue on here haider oh we
got me further wanna miss it okay he's
calling for help we should go help him
except that I know that it's not really
any sort of timed element and it's only
the air to keep us from fighting for
secret the game extra reading material
there to check out later you're
interested here we owe our very first
amplifier so you can read about that
very useful we want to find a whole
bunch of those if we can in fact I
should pretty much be able to find them
all and then Allah we can talk about
what the asst stone does also on the
pushback and the glowing when there's
invisible stuff to see you can see in
the lower right there it actually also
powers up whatever spell we have it all
I'm going to save the amplifier for now
because you don't need amplify scribe
total peace
good as you know as you received save it
for later hey oh hey open the door for
us he's got clairvoyance alright another
cutscene those beasts were off to me
what in God's name were those things
they're called howlers and well I've
never seen one before tonight I've heard
of them for years those weren't natural
my friend we're fightin more than
superstitions hair perhaps I was being
naive not to tell you but there might be
something more sinister I to work you
are not as a boy I encountered something
I can't quite explain you see there was
this Isle of standing stones that sits
just off the estate someone had caught a
sigil into each of the stones something
indiscernible father had many books on
the occult one of which contained a
sketch of that very simple i took my
brothers and sisters out to the island
and read from my father's book while
what happened something answered the
ocean began to boil and a great wind
whipped against us as we stood in the
circle in my siblings huddled to the
ground in fear eventually the wind died
at the sea settle Patrick I know it
sounds like the railings in a gang but i
believe those standing stones had
something to do with this what has once
been attained upon this family has now
begun to manifest itself but you told me
you're dying doesn't this curse end with
you who knows my brothers and sisters
are dead but I don't think they're
really gone I've heard some servants
whispering they think they've seen
Lizbeth on the estate my family has kind
of already sure I sense also crazy later
by now you and I do with the pretty lady
while ago so I'm beautiful how
and what about our encounters with it
Ashanti during the war you will still
even carry the gals herb a stone it's a
talking of the shaman's life I took
that's all in it take it I found a
school with a pig aronow down and
knocked out I believe it contains the
way to awaken the stones dormant power
gimme very well let me study this scroll
over night and I'll see what I can do in
the mornin this house still hides many
you see nice restful sleep after that
encounter to reveal that horrible and
put into this mess all right it's the
next morning and we're going to go and
stop first video here I'll be back soon